chore(localization):renaming in the sections for the telerik messages… (#382)
telerik/blazor-docs: globalization/localization.md

You can find the list of keys in the following places:

* In the [API reference](../api/Telerik.Blazor.Resources.Messages.html)

> * By inspecting the `Resources/TelerikMessages.resx` file in the offline Demos installation (under a path like `C:\Program Files (x86)\Progress\Telerik UI for Blazor <YOUR VERSION>\demos\TelerikBlazorDemos\Resources`). There you can also see the default values.

Reviewer: The bullet list is introduced and a list of "places", so we can't start an item with "by inspecting".

```suggestion
* In the `Resources/TelerikMessages.resx` file in the offline Demos installation (under a path like `C:\Program Files (x86)\Progress\Telerik UI for Blazor <YOUR VERSION>\demos\TelerikBlazorDemos\Resources`). There you can also see the default English values.
```
